Add best practices section for rule 108 (#799)
zalando/restful-api-guidelines: chapters/http-requests.adoc

1. Use {PUT} with complete objects to update a resource as long as feasible
   (i.e. do not use {PATCH} at all).

>    *Note:* this choice by the API server imposes additional requirements on
>    the client (<<108>>). The <<appendix-best-practices>> section contains
>    recommendations on how to satisfy these requirements
>    (<<client-handling-compatible-extensions>>).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   *Note:* this choice by the API server imposes additional requirements on
   the client (<<108>>) which can be implemented e.g. in Java following the 
   practice <<handling-compatible-extensions>>.
```
